
i want to be away  from your for a while , friends.,



You are my best friend and I will always need you,

When you walk, the flowers give you smiles.
When you talk, the whole world wants to hear you.
When I am with you, I feel amazing and time flies.
You are my best friend and I will always need you.



I have you by my side,

I know I am blessed and lucky,
Because I have you by my side.
Life is difficult and tricky,
But you give me strength and light.
You give me hope, you help me live with delight,
With you I can do anything and win every fight.



You are like a drop of water bringing life,

You are like a drop of water bringing life,
To my dried up lonely desert.
Beautiful gradients of colors dark and light,
Sunlight mixed with soft rainy weather.
I admire you,
I wish you happiness with no end.
I want to be close to you and always be your friend.



We will always be by each other’s side,

Days come and go,
Nights pass by,
But one thing is for certain,
That we will always be by each other’s side


Friends will kill your stress,

Happiness will kill hungry,
Sadness will kill peace,
Faith will kill enemy,
Friends will kill your stress.

Our friendship has grown stronger than ever
We met a few years ago.
Our friendship has grown stronger than ever.
We’re still friends now.
And will be best friends forever


riend as amazing as you
What did I ever do,
To deserve a friend like you?
I’m glad I did whatever I did,
Because my wish to have a friend as amazing as you,
Has come true!

star thats not too far
When the life is down and it’s dark all around,
There comes a star that’s not too far,
That star is you my friend.
Stay with me forever

riends like you dont come around often
Friends like you don’t come around often.
They’re pretty hard to find.
I would do anything to keep you close to me.
Because you are so sweet, loving and kind.

without a friend like you
When I’m down I look up to you.
When I’m happy it’s because of you.
A day doesn’t go by when I don’t think of you.
Because I don’t know what my life would be like,
Without a friend like you.

